Map visualization (#2355)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/visualize-data/visualization-types/map.md

    - Click **Dashboards** in the navigation bar:

        {{< nav-icon "dashboards" >}}

        Click the name of the dashboard to update and then do one of the following:

        - **To edit an existing cell**, click the **{{< icon "cog" >}}** icon on
          the cell and then **{{< icon "edit" >}} Configure**.
        - **To create a new cell**, click **{{< icon "add-cell" >}} Add Cell**.

2.  Use the **Query Builder** or the **Script Editor** to enter your query.
    To determine the location of points on a geographic map, query results must
    include the following **fields**:

    - **lat**: latitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)
    - **lon**: longitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)

    _**Or**_ the  `s2_cell_id` **tag**  ([S2 Cell ID](https://s2geometry.io/devguide/s2cell_hierarchy.html#s2cellid-numbering) as a token)

    {{% note %}}
If query results include `lat` and `lon` fields _and_ an `s2_cell_id` tag,
the map uses the `lat` and `lon` fields to determine point locations.
If results only include the `s2_cell_id`, the map uses the center of the S2 cell
as the point location.
    {{% /note %}}

    _See [Example queries](#example-queries)._

> <!-- 3.  Select the **Map** option from the visualization drop-down list in the upper left,

Reviewer: @Palakp41 @sanderson, shall we uncomment this step (or any part of it) before publishing? Looks like we've added the Map option to production.

---
title: Map visualization
list_title: Map
list_image: /img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png
description: >
  The Map visualization displays geo-temporal data on a geographic map.
weight: 206
menu:
  influxdb_cloud:
    name: Map
    parent: Visualization types
---

The **Map** visualization displays geo-temporal data on a geographic map.

{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

## Set up the Map visualization

To view geo-temporal data on a geographic map, set up a Map visualization.

### Set up the Map visualization

> 1.  Configure map visualizations in either the **Data Explorer** or a **Dashboard**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Do one of the following:
    - Click  **Data Explorer** 
    - Click **Dashboards**:
```

    {{< tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% tabs %}}
[Data Explorer](#)
[Dashboards](#)
{{% /tabs %}}
{{% tab-content %}}
{{< nav-icon "data-explorer" >}}

Click the **Data Explorer** icon in the navigation bar.
{{% /tab-content %}}
{{% tab-content %}}
{{< nav-icon "dashboards" >}}

1.  Click the **Dashboards** icon in the navigation bar.
2.  Click the name the dashboard to update.
3.  **To edit an existing cell**, click the **<span class="inline icon-cog-thick middle small"></span>**
    icon on the cell and then **<span class="inline icon-pencil middle small"></span> Configure**.  

>     **To create a new cell**, click **<span class="inline icon-add-cell small"></span> Add Cell**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a.  Click the **Dashboards** icon in the navigation bar.
b.  Click the name of the dashboard to update.
c.  Do one of the following:
     - **To edit an existing cell**, click the **<span class="inline icon-cog-thick middle small"></span>**
     - **To create a new cell**, click **<span class="inline icon-add-cell small"></span> Add Cell**.

{{% /tab-content %}}
    {{< /tabs-wrapper >}}

2.  Use the **Query Builder** or the **Script Editor** to enter your query.
    To determine the location of points on a geographic map, query results must
    include the following **fields**:

    - **lat**: latitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)
    - **lon**: longitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)

>     _**Or**_ the following **tag**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _**Or**_ the **s2_cell_id**: [S2 Cell ID](https://s2geometry.io/devguide/s2cell_hierarchy.html#s2cellid-numbering) tag as a token
```

Reviewer: then we can drop line 57

---
title: Map visualization
list_title: Map
list_image: /img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png
description: >
  The Map visualization displays geo-temporal data on a geographic map.
weight: 206
menu:
  influxdb_cloud:
    name: Map
    parent: Visualization types
---

The **Map** visualization displays geo-temporal data on a geographic map.

> {{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

Reviewer: Thoughts on modeling the Band Plot visualization? We started with the task-based procedure, and then followed with the behavior and controls. Something like:

## Set up the Map visualization

To view geo-temporal data on a geographic map, set up a Map visualization.

### Set up the Map visualization in the Data Explorer

1. Click the **Data Explorer** icon in the navigation bar.

    {{< nav-icon "data-explorer" >}}

2. Enter your query (see [Explore data with Flux and the Data Explorer](/influxdb/v2.0/visualize-data/explore-metrics/#explore-data-with-flux-and-the-data-explorer)).  To determine the location of data points on a geographic map, you must include the following fields with your input data:
- **`lat`**: latitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)
- **`lon`**: longitude in decimal degrees (WGS 84)
3. Select the **Map** option from the visualization drop-down list in the upper left, and then select one of the following:
- **Point**: To display each geo-temporal point on the map using a map pin icon {{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}  (does it bulk these steps up too much by including graphic?)
- **Circle**: To display each geo-temporal point on the map using a circle icon.
{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-circle-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}
- **Heat**: To display the density of geo-temporal points on the map. More points near a location will appear brighter on the map.
{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-heat-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

4. Set the following custom options for the map:
- **Allow Pan and Zoom**: Select this check box to…
- **Latitude**: Slide to set the default latitude to center the map on.
- **Longitude**: Slide to set the default longitude to center the map on.
- **Zoom**: Slide to set the default zoom level on the map
- **(Heat map only)**: Radius: Slide to adjust the bloom radius for geo-temporal points on the map?

### Set up the Map visualization in the Script Editor 
(For Band Plot, we added a separate procedure for setting up vis in the Script Editor, not sure whether applicable for the Map vis? If not, we can change the header on the procedure above to "Set up the Map visualization")

1. Click the **Data Explorer** icon in the navigation bar.

    {{< nav-icon "data-explorer" >}}

2. Click **Script Editor**.
3. ....

Choose from the following map visualization modes:

- [Point](#point)
- [Circle](#circle)
- [Heat](#heat)
<!-- - [Track](#track) -->

##### Customize Geo Options
Use the following options to customize each map visualization mode:

- **Allow pan and zoom**: Toggle users' ability to pan and zoom the map.
- **Latitude**: Default latitude to center the map on.
- **Longitude**: Default longitude to center the map on.
- **Zoom**: Zoom level.

_Some map modes have additional options._

#### Point
The **Point** mode displays each geo-temporal point on the map using a map pin icon.

{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-point-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

#### Circle
The **Circle** mode displays each geo-temporal point on the map using a circle icon.
<!-- Need to know what controls the radius of each circle or if they're all the same. -->

{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-circle-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

#### Heat
The **Heat** mode displays displays the density of geo-temporal points on the map.

{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-map-heat-example.png" alt="Map data visualization" />}}

> ##### Addtional options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Additional options
```

- **Radius**: Bloom radius of each point.

<!-- #### Track
The **Track** mode displays... <!-- NEED CONTENT -->

<!-- insert image -->

<!-- ##### Customize Geo Options
- **Allow pan and zoom**: Toggle users' ability to pan and zoom the map.
- **Latitude**: Default latitude to center the map on.
- **Longitude**: Default longitude to center the map on.
- **Zoom**: Zoom level. -->

> ## Example query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example: View a bird's migration path
```
